DOCS-620: Reorganize ML content (#938)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/services/data/_index.md

### Machine Learning

> If you collect image data, you can use it to [train image classification models](../../manage/ml/train-model) and [deploy these models to your robots](../../manage/ml/deploy-model).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data synced to the cloud can be used to [train machine learning models](../../manage/ml/train-model) and these models can be [deployed to your robots](../../manage/ml/deploy-model) from the Viam App.
```

Author: ```suggestion
You can use data synced to the cloud to [train machine learning models](../../manage/ml/train-model) and then [deploy these models to your robots](../../manage/ml/deploy-model) from the Viam App.
```
